he finds what appears to be an ideal
spot to rest before his final push to
the mating grounds however from within
the dense forest he is being watched by
relatives of the Raptors
these though are birds flying dinosaurs
that share the same ancestors as the
carnivorous Raptors instead of scales
they have evolved feathers which cover
their bodies and turn their arms into
wings at this time of year they have
eggs to protect and the presence of the
intruder sets off a chain reaction of
aggression next to the own ethic is the
birds look no bigger than insects
however their tiny feathered wings are
more resistant to damage than the skin
membrane of the pterosaur especially
among the branches and twigs of dense
forests in the far future the pterosaurs
will surrender the skies to the birds
driven on he eventually reaches the huge
island of Cantabria which will one day
be the bedrock of Spain he is exhausted
by his 14,000 kilometer journey a hand
lies the mating ground every year of his
adult life he has returned to this same
spot to mate already the beach is full
of male or Natick eros noisily competing
for space
as the old male approaches he knows from
experience that the nearer the center of
this intimidating throng the more
attractive he will be to the females he
heads straight for the dominant position
he has occupied in previous years right
in the middle
but this time he faces a challenge to
his supremacy
again and again he tries to land but the
males on the ground fend him off
eventually his weariness tells and he
has to land elsewhere